Question 1:
Develop two learning algorithms: batch and stochastic gradient descent for this problem on the Auto dataset given in the Problem 4 in 
Homework 1. Try to find the two best input features for predicting the output mpg. Compare and report the difference between your full 
coding and R's built-in function call: lm. (Hint: At least your stochastic gradient algorithm must learn parameters theta comparable to 
the result from calling the R's built-in function. Otherwise try to tune the learning rate alpha < 1:0)

Question 2:
Given the training data, you are to perform a logistic regression where the input features are five of Lag variables and Volume, and the 
binary output is Direction. Use the summary function to print our the results. Report the confusion matrix and the accuracy on both 
training and test data given the learned model. (Hint: As nothing is specified, your default threshold to decide Up/Down must be 0.5)
Now you will run logistic regression five times with only one input features Lagj(1 <= j <= 5) for each time. Compute the confusion matrix
and the accuracy on both training and test data given each of the learned models. Which are the best models among the five models here and
the earlier model in part (c) in terms of the accuracy and F-score, respectively? Does the best model also achieve the best accuracy or 
F-score on the training data? (Hint: The best model must be chosen based on the test data, not the training data!)
Try to draw six ROC curves for 6 models from the part (c) and (d) with varying thresholds. Determine the best model in terms of the Area 
Under Curve (AUC). (Note: 6 curves must be plotted at the same time as a single graph. You can use R's built-in function to compute the AUC)
Try to draw six Precision-Recall curves for 6 models from the part (c) and (d) with varying thresholds. Determine the best model in terms 
of the Area Under Curve (AUC). (Note: 6 curves must be plotted at the same time as a single graph. You can use R's builtin function to 
compute the AUC)
